When you think of the organization and the education, the divine education that it provides and
really it is at no cost.
There is no government on earth today that educates his citizens like the kingdom.
The first thing that goes in a government, if they get into an economic problem, first thing they cut is education.
Teachers are cut out, schools are closed.
Instead of that here, we increased education and Jehovah's organization has always been progressive, but education
divine education has been vital and still is and will continue to be for years to come.
Anytime we have a chance to be educated by Jehovah, we should always take it.
Jehovah's standard of education is such a higher level. We do value good, higher education.
We just want to make sure it's the right people teaching it.
Some people think that we're not into education, but absolutely we're totally into education, but it's theocratic education.
They never lose what they have been taught at Gilead. They become spiritual men and women.
The school has an amazing ability to bring out the very best in us, but also focus on areas where we need to grow.
And to be in an environment where we're able to take God's word of the Bible and allow it to magnify ourself, not to glorify ourself, but just to see, okay, I need to work on this area.
And then you're ready to face whatever challenges before you.
We live in perhaps the most selfish time of all human history, and now you have students that come here, which is the epitome of unselfishness,
being willing to do what the rest to do by the organization.
One of the main things that you could see in the teaching in the school was the love that the brothers had for the instructors, for the Bible, for Jehovah, and for the organization.
The beautiful thing about studying the Bible is we can go as deep as we would like, because the organization that provides so many beautiful tools for us to grow spiritually.
It really helps us have such a healthy pride towards the Bible. This is the word of God.
Something that is thrilling to see, and that I love seeing is the transformation that the students make.
Having God's word in their life every day, studying it, we can begin to see how God's word has an effect on them.
God's word is powerful. It's alive, and it has the power to tame eagles and to create humility within the student.
Thus they begin to change from the inside out.
They grow mighty on the person they are inside, and thus they become more spiritual people. They become more trusted by the organization.
When I see the student's eyes light up, I'm seeing the power of God's word through the eyes of the students, and of course that enhances my appreciation for what I'm teaching.
Divine education will never impede our spiritual goals. It only will enhance it.
The amount of money that it would cost to get an education in this world that we're able to get, you couldn't put a real dollar amount on it.
Some years back, there was an effort made to see how our curriculum corresponded with some of the universities and colleges.
One of the questions that was asked to a university instructor was how we in five months could teach what it took them two years to teach.
I thought the worldly instructor had a good answer. He said, your students are dedicated.
Your students are motivated. They come here to learn. He said, their students are sent there by parents that want to get rid of them for four years.
They may have some other enjoyment or recreation in mind, but learning isn't one of their objectives. Our students come to learn.
When you work with the schools or in the service department, it's humbling because you really see how Jehovah is the one directing everything.
While you feel it's a privilege to be able to help and educate the pioneers in this way, it's very humbling because you really know that it's Jehovah doing the educating.